from the Toronto Super Show and I want
to share with you my food preparation
I'm just cooking at my Mills right now
so i'll show you my food we have some
tilapia and some halibut and I broccoli
and some asparagus that I'm going to be
steaming in a minute and then outside I
have my tilapia grilling on the barbecue
so this is my setup because it rains so
much in Vancouver I need to have it
under an umbrella so here we go there is
my tilapia I'm it's almost done I just
throw it on your sprays and Pamela's
girl and sprinkle it with Missa Josh so
before that ferns I'm gonna actually
off my barbecue and then that's it
for now so um i'll show you guys it's in
my fridge i think they do this on like
MTV or something so guys can see what I
got in here for the rest of the weekend
so that some Frank's redhot sauce egg
white almond breeze and some asparagus
that I cooked up earlier mushrooms
couple beers in there for friends and
they come over because we don't drink
beer and yeah that's it nothing too
exciting so I'm going to be uploading
some um training clips along with this
video so stay tuned for later thanks
so I'm not doing any legs right now stop
being like the last we meet their legs
usually the first thing to come in and
we started to last
the lower apps eyeglass so no legs for
me is an emperor
stop them up a little bit so a lot of
upper body
fat chance
ah
yes
you